Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces
hasta que la entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedes
comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
A diner at a high -end restaurant is
acting all high and mighty while ordering
food from the waiter.
Stressed out, the waiter messes up a few
times, which makes the customer even more angry.
Before serving the food, the waiter
secretly adds a pinch of salt and spits
on it.
Check out how it all went down
.
What does this mean?
This lasagna is terrible.
Oh my gosh.
The chef must have dropped the ball.
I don't care.
I'm not here for excuses.
Do you understand?
Yes sir, my bad.
What can we get you instead?
I need a drink.
Bring me some hot chocolate with powdered gold.
Alright, anything else?
No, that's it.
How much is it?
Alright, that will be $8 ,000 .00.
See, I'm shelling out good money here, so
step up your game.
Understood, sir.
The waiter slips into the kitchen.
Why is he angry?
What happened to him?
He said the lasagna was a train wreck.
Oh no.
I'm freaking out here.
I'm at my wit's end now.
Why's that?
Um...
I'm scared I'll get the boot.